June 16th

# recap:
    we killed the pile driver and his father, we got his belt
    there was a room of treasure that dan the mon had already looted


# Start of the session
Sean tells us about the bug bears working on a sword usin ga forgue, we are looking for a
giant sword so we go to investigate.  Sean says that there wre bugbears doing a ritual
that he didn't like.  We agree, since its on the way to the guys with the sword, to kill
the guys doing the ritual

Sean tries to peek around the wall to look into the room with the bug bears.  He reads a
message on the wall outloud that says "the green dragon is not a dragon.. oh no!!"

the bug bears hear this, we are to roll initiative

we see the bug bears holdingup some 'fetus like carcass in the air'
they drop it and yell "theres someone here... agghhh"

# Combat 1:
    Cassie goes first, and she sacred flame on one of the bug bears

    I run up to bugbears and hold my actiob for i they get close enoug

    Jackson readies himself and prepares his eldrich blast

    Sean goes up and starts slappin them hoes
        - he hits the bug bear quite alot

    Ray goes and casts eldrich blast at one of them but misses

    The bugbear goes and tries to attack me, I get to attack him.  I hit with my
    greataxe, do 12 damage

    the bugbear then punches me in the face for 21 damage.  I am knocked unconsious

    the other bugbear tries to attack sean, but sean is able to get out of the way


    "And the fetus begins to glow"


    Cassie runs up and carresses my ass to bring me back to conciousness
        I get 10 health


    I am going to rage and attack the bug bear with my greataxe
        - I miss my attack

    Jackson again goes
        what is going on in there?

    Sean screams:
        HEEEELLLPPPP

        Sean attacks the same bugbear again twice, he misses both times


    Ray eldrich blasts the bugbear next to me, he hits him in the chest
        - the bugbear takes 11 damage

        - the bug bear seems to be bloodied


    The bugbear punches at me again
        He misses

        he moves away and I get an atack of opourtunity.  I slash hium in the back
        and do 14 damage

        He is dead

    The remaining bugbear punches at sean
        - the bugbear then goes and places hands on the fetus and it begins to glow and
          grow in size

    Cassie investigates the fetus
        - she notices that there are glyphs that depict resurection of some sort of being
        - this is very demonic in nature

        She says to us "That thing is demonic, we should probably kill it!", pointing at
        the fetus

    I reckless attack the fetus
        13 regular damage
        7 radiant damage

        I bisect the fetus, we are all covered in fetus blood

        the bug bear yells "nnooooo, what have you done"

        I reply "Its my body its my choice!"

    Sean goes and hits the bugbear in the face with his staff
        he has to roll a strength save, he rolls at 12
        he is not able to remove his stack from the bug bear

    jackson says: "Do you need help?"

    ray uses his message to tell jackson to come help


    The bugbear punches at sean
        - Sean gets punched in the face, and he is knocked unconcious
        - 16 damage was dealt to sean

    Cassie goes and stabalizes sean
         she then moves her movement to back away from the bugbear
         while pulling sean


    I run up to the bugbear and slash at him with my greatace
        I deal 9 regular damage and 5 radiant damage from my attack

        the bug bear is literally split in half


# After combat
Ray goes and shares a health potion with both I and seano

I get 7 health, I am now at 17 health
Sean gets 4 health, he is now at 4 health

Sean tries to remove his staff from the bug bear.. he is unable to do so
I try and am also unable to do so, even with my advantage from raging
everyone else tries and is unable to remove the staff.. and fails

I go and just cut off the arm of the bugbear

All together we try and work together to remove the hand from his staff (I guess the bug
bear was gripping it).  Sean, with tripple advantage was finally able to get his staff


Sean puts the piledriver's mask on me.  I give sean my weapons.  I also get his pants


# The plan
I am dressed up like the great pile driver.  I am going to carry sean, and maybe another
person, on my shoulders into the room with the black smith guys.  I will tell them that
"the humans who went to go and kill the drow were actually traitors, and I managed to
kill some of them.  Zu wants to kill the rest of them.

The plan has changed to say that there is a drow infestation. So I won't be carrying
them, the will be walking next to me.

we walk up and see two goblins and bug bear.  THe bug bear is hitting a giant swird with
a giant mallet while one of the goblins is pumping the bellows.  There is something on
the wall written in draconic.  It is a picture of a wonderful sword.  Daniel tells sean
what the message says, since he is the only one who understands draconic.



There is a dragon looking sword on the wall, very ornate and such

# execution of the plan

I talk in the wrong voice... they decide to try and kill me

Sean hands me my greataxe


Sean throws a dart at the bugbear, and it misses
we all roll initiative


# Combat

The bug bear points at Dorthy (sean) and jumps over the furnace
    - he swings the maul at Sean's face

    - Sean goes to -21
        - he is not dead, but he is very unconsious

One of the goblins pulls out the sword that was being worked on.  it seems to be very
small long sword

The other two goblins run over and try to 'gank' me
    - goblin 1 and goblin 2 try to slash at me, but I'm able to block them
    - the third goblin slashes at me and I take 7 damage

    I am at 10 health now

I rage and swing at the bug bear
    - I roll a nat 20, and slash the bug bear across the neck and deal 26 damage to him


Jackson attacks at the bug bear and misses

Cassie runs up and heals me for 12 more health
    - I am now at 22
    - Cassie is right behind me


The bug bear runs up to me and attacks
    - I take 13 damage because of my resistance

    - I am now at 9 health

    - Then he graves me
        - I roll a 21, I am totally in control of the situation


The goblins then start stabing at me
    - they both hit me
    - goblin 1 stabs up at me and does 8 slashing damage, goblin 2 stabs at me and does 6
      piercing damage and 4 fire damage

    - because of my resistance I take 11 damage

    - I am unconsious

Me
    - I roll to regain consciousness
    - I roll a success

Jackson blasts at the bugbear with his eldrich blast, and the bug bear's head flys off


Lionel goes up and touches Dorthy (sean) to stabalize him and says "don't die dude"
    Sean is stabalized

Ray moves to get in range of the goblins and does a pocket poison spray

I roll another death saving thow and succeed

Cassie runs up to me, rubs my 'sweet ass' and says "you've done well, don't die now"

# after combat
The sword on the wall, was just a picture of the sword

Sean tells us that the message said "The sword of grace has been reforged"

Cassie uses her special spell to heal us all

As a group we go and head towards the treasure room


We found a green dragon idol that is facing a tapastry.  Sean, Ray and I all look around
I push on a piece of stone that clicks, the dragon starts to raise up and from underneath
we see a locked iron chest

The tapastry is really faded, but all we can see on it is a large green dragon on the top
with arrows pointing to dragons and other creatures, though we can't make out what that
is.

We all try to open the chest and fail, until jackson is able to do it

in the chest we find
    2200 copper
    1000 silver
    900 gold

    a bolt of fine cloth (rolled up cloth)

    a find cloth hunters cap trimmed with gold lace
    a ceramic ring

    a carved wooden bowl
    carved wooden statue of hawk
    a cermanic minuature of a ship

    2 +2 crossbows

I take off the piledriver stuff and give it all to sean

I am able to pick up the chest, but it is very, very heavy.  I'm barely able to pick it
up.  I am moving very slowly as I am carrying it

We see a bugbear Sleeping in the treasure room

We murder him while he is sleeping


# Gettin goblins
We load goblins into barrels to easily bring back to the drow.sitting

We find another bug bear who is snoozing.  We see another one thats there and notices
sean

sean signs some autographs for those bug bears
There just keep being more and more bug bears

We are able to go and grab their health potions

We take the health potions from the crAate, leave the books


I get 12 hp from cassie's spell.  I am at 12 hp
    i drink a health potion and get 7 more health
    I am now at 19 hp

    I now only have one potion left.  Not sure who took how many of the 6 health potions
    fomr the crate

Sean has 9 health
Cassie is at full health, with 24
ray is at full health, 18
jackson is at full health, 20 hp



We continue collecting goblins.  We have 3 full barrels of goblins, each barrel holds 4
goblins.


# debating what to do next...
We move towards the weird rattling sound
As we go past the river we wash off in it

We move all of the barrels and chest closer to the exit for convienence


# We get to the room with the dog things
Sean and cassie walk up to the "Worg" cages
    - a worg is "like a a really big goblin wolf thing"

Cassie goes into the room, to the right and as she does this she sees another section of
the cave with a bunch of barrels down at the end

she starts walking towards the barrels she saw.

As she walks forward and sees a bunch of goblins maintaining saddles for the wolves
there are spears and stuff and a key hanging on the wall


# Ray goes to the goblins dressed as pile driver
They notice him and start talking to him.  They are really talking to him and stuff.  He
looks in the barrels and they just contain meat and water  Then he notices a foundtain of
running water.  He goes to the other group of goblins, they are also like.  Oh my gosh
the pile driver.

They realize he's not the pile driver because he was being really weird.  THey start to
attack him

We all rush in and go to fight

# Combat with the goblins
I rage before combat starts

Initiative
    - Ray 12
    - Kesley 18
    - Sean 17
    - Cassie 6


I attack and just cleave through one of the goblins, then walk through his mist of blood
towards another goblin behind him

Sean attacks one of the goblins and misses, and hits me.
    - He deals 4 damage to me, and I take half of that becuase of my resistance

    - I am now at 17 hp


Ray poison sprays one of the goblins
    - he sprays it to the goblin right as he is inhaling
    - the goblin takes 4 damage

Cassie does her sacred flame at the one closest to ray
    - the goblin moves into the flame and bursts into flames, falling down dead

Goblin 2 tries to run through us, he disengages to try and run away
    he ends up right next to cassie

The other 5 goblins from the other side of this cave run towards us
    Jackson does an eldrich blast on one of them as they run towards us

I run up to the goblin right by cassie, attack him and miss

Sean punches the goblin that I missed
    He hits him in the head, his skull cracks and he dies

Jackson goes and lights up number 4
    - he misses though

Cassie casts sacred flame on one of the goblins from the group
    he runs into the flame, bursts into flames and dies

Ray takes the key and then starts walking towards us

I run up to another one of the goblins and just cleave him in half

Sean runs up to another goblin and beats up on him

Jackson hits me with his eldrich blast on accident.  I take 11 damage.  I am at 6 health

Ray kills one of the goblins with an endrich blast

Cassie sacred flames the last goblin.  The goblin is able to dodge the sacred flame and
stabs sean with his spear as well
    sean takes 7 damage

    sean is at 2 health

the goblin stabs him again, he takes 8 damage
    sean is at -6 health

    the goblin then runs away

I chuck a javelin at the goblin and hit him in the back

sean fails a saving throw

Ray does an eldrich blast and kills the goblin


# Experience

We all get 420 xp each
