# We spend a long time debating what to do
Dorthy and Lionel both long rest while Artie, Eileen and Barbra all stand guard

Nvm we all gotta rest, we take shifts taking guard for 2 hours each.
We hear some noises outisde the cave from where we baracaded it

# We remove the baracade
"The cave is no longer caved in"
It is daylight outside.  It is the crack of dawn


# When we get outside
We no longer see our caravans, companions or don the mon

That means that they have all of the dead bodies in the barrels that we put in the
cairage...

We look aroud for footprints
There are footprints everywhere.

Eileen is the only one that notices something significant.  She sees some tracks that go
towards the front of goblin pass, towards the baracaded area that we came from.  They
seem to move towards another cave

Eileen repeats this and says "I think this is whre they took our carts"


I look aroud to see if there is anyone waiting to ambush us or anything..

All of the fortifications are gone, its almost like they are waiting to ambush us


# we follow the tracks..

Sean is leading the way since he has deflect missles as an ability

We get to the other cave and we see a single hobgoblin with a sowrd and shield drawn
He looks very tired


Lionel is approaching with Artie to try and talk through this.

We stand aroud talking about the command too much that the hobgoblin notices us

We are too far away to gesture towards him.

Lionel gets close, and tries to talk to the hobgoblin like a frat boy

He starts talking about Chad, realizes that Chad is dead

Seems like this isn't working, the hobgonblin is walking back into the cave

Sean throws an arrow into the back of the hobgoblins neck

He hits the hobgoblin, and does 6 damage too him.  It hits him in the back of the neck

# Fighting time
Barbra yells goooO!

Ray does an eldrich blast, misses and it goes into the cave

I bury my axe into the back of the hobgoblins.
The hobgoblin falls down dead

We go inside and there are many more hobgoblins who have been alerted

The hobgoblins start chanting, ready for battle

Ray goes into the room and tries to convince them that ther is an evil warlock
He holds his action to attack a hobgoblin with poison spray if one gets within
10 feet of him

I move closer and hold my action to attack one if it gets within 5 feet of me

They shout "Kill the whore"
That obviously make barbra upset

Linonel runs over and does sacred flame, one of the hobgoblins bursts into flames

One of the hobgoblins launches an arrow at lionel
it hit him and did 5 damage

Artie curses a hobgolin and then does a eldrich blast
he rolls a crit on that eldrich blast
He just completley obliterates one of the hobgoblins

Sean moves over by my and then grabs an arrow from my pack and throws it
he misses

One of the hobgoblin goes and shoots an arrow at artie, it just barely hits it doesn't do
any damage because it hits hit armor

Another one shoots an arrow at artie and does 7 piercing damage
He then shouts "Kill that rat bastard!"

I run over closer to the hobgoblins, holding my bonus action and action to rage and swing
at one if they get close enough

I then shout "THIS WHORE IS GONNA KILL YOU"

Ray goes and eldrich blasts one of the hobgoblins

One shoots an arrow at Artie, artie slices the arrow in half while its flying through the
air

Lionel runs over, uses cure wounds and given Jackson 6 hp and a boner
Aritie says "I now have two sowrds to wield!"

One of the hobgoblins drops his shield, picks up his bow and arrow and shoots it at artie
"Does a 17 hit" "yes..." "go ahead and take 9 damage" inaudable "well go ahead and become unconcious"

Well artie is down.  I used to be a warlock like him until I took an arrow to the chest


Jackson rolls a nat 1... he looses two of his saving throws

Dorthy drops a potion over by artie, runs back to me, grabs an arrow from my sack, and
prepares to throw an arrow at them


one of the hobgoblins drops his shield and shoots an arrow at me
I dodge it, he drops his shield pulls up his sowrd and shouts says "Kill the whore next!"

Sean throws the arrow at him and it gets caught in his chainmail

Another one shoots an arrow at me, just barely scrapes me and I take 11 damage

I pop a health potion, run over to the southern most hobgoblin, swing at him and miss
I gain 10 hp


One of the hobgoblins runs up to me and gets flanking advantage
He hits me in the neck and it does 15 damage (I'm at 30 damage)

Then the other one attacks me and I take 17 damage.  I'm at -2 health
Unconcious


I get healed, gain 6 plus my con modifier, so 9 health.  I'm at 7 hp

Jackson gains 6 plus his con, so he gets 6 hp

Another hobgoblin runs up to me and stabs me, does 13 damage.  I'm down again
At -6 this time!

Artie is moving back..  He then hexes one of the goblins next to me
Artie then eldrich blasts the goblins and it hits me and I boounce off the wall away from
the goblins.  I also take 3 damage, I'm at -9 now.

Sean swings with his staff and rolls a nat 1

A hobgoblin runs up closer to us and then shouts "Dont let them escape!"

Another hobgoblin runs over and pulls out his bow and shoots at eileen

I roll a death saving throw.  I'm at two death saving throw fails

I get healed for 10 hp, I am at 10 now

I run up behind one of them and do 25 damage with a super duper axe hit.
I shout "Don't fuck with the whore, the whore fucks back!"

Jackson goes and obliterates one of them

There are still two aroud me

Sean runs over and punches one of the hob goblins next to me

Ray does pocket poison at one of the hobgoblins and it does 3 damage

Ray then pops a jello shot

I destroy another one

THe hobgoblin hrows a swing at me and misses

Jackson peeks out from behind the corner, eldrich blasts, and then runs back behind the
corner
Jackson rolls a nat 20, the hobgoblin explodes


# The chest
There was an ornate wooden chest
It says "I will infest your minds" and there is a paper that says seal on it

Sean rips off the seal, and then a huge wind comes out
If seems like a huge power has entered the room.  There is a headband inside

Sean puts it on.

Dark energy flows all around him
He makes a wisdom saving throw, he passes.

The headband bumps up his intelligence to 18

He takes it off and then he loses some intelligence

He puts it back on again.  Nat 20 on the saving throw

# Experience

140 xp for each of us








