I get a d12 inspiration for recounting what happened last time

we are riding back with don to get back to the goblins.

Jackson asks don what the plan is about stuff

He says that we have to prove our worth to get weapons of loalized distruction

I recesitate Sean by holding the bucket with his ashes and shit outside of the
card, he comes back as a native american woman ho is 5'6" and only 169 pounds


We get to goblin pass, they stop us.  We show them our drow bodies and they let
us through

We see some glint thing on the ground, we are approaching it.  We stop the
cairrage.  We go to walk up to it to go check out.

It seems to be a squished person.  Sean takes a ring from one of the fingers of
the sqishd person.

It is a ring of spell storing and ray puts command level 2 and protection from
good and evil level 2 into the ring

We encounter 2 bug bears and a hobgoblin with a dragon shield.  He tells us to
come with him and bring the drow.
I grab them all, and we start following.

We go into a slit in the mountain, not where the match was though.  There is
this really really big hob goblin with a huge fucking sword.

We present the drow, and big hob goblin sniffs the drow.  We get to live and
they start walking towards the place where the WWE was.  We follow them.

Jackson want to try to convine the goblins to start fighting the drow.



Jackson and Sean go and sneak through one of the caves and try to find out
everything thats going on.  The cave is really deep and there are alot of rooms
in it.  In one of the rooms, they see two bugbears making an offering of flesh.
THen Sean is able to read dracanic somehow and is able to read something
writtten on the wall that says "the sword of grace has been reforged" then they
keep going and they see a bug bears and some hobgoblins working on a giant sword


we get a magic ball of light from a treasure chest after fighting some goblins
