# We go take a long rest because we got fucked up

To the right in this glowing green light
I go over to check the light out

As I walk over there the light gets further and further away

Everybody else walks over to go check

Sean does an arcana check to see if he can figure out what it is
He realizes it is some kind of magic, but it is some realm he has not studied

We keep following the light

As we get closer, the light stops moving away and just glows brighter

It is like a ghostly green flame and we hear mumbling in the background

We see an older looking hobgoblin who isn't wearing any armor.
He is weilding a stick and glowing is coming from there
He holds up his other hand and everything starts to glow

"Cannibas" Plants come up from all around us and we get ensnaired us


The light from the staff slowly starts to fade back to the intensity it was
before
We can't see the hobgoblin anymore because the light has faded away



# Rolling Intiative

I break free from the weed.  I drink a health potion, get back 6 health and
then I help break sean out of his weed with my action

Lionel fails at ripping himself out of the weed.

There is now blue electricity around some fingertips where the green light used
to be.  THe finger points at barbra and it his barbra, lionel and artie.

We each take 33 lightning damge

We are all down.

Sean pulls out a dart, throws it at ray to cut himself through.  Sean pulls out
the orb and looks into it.

It is ray's turn, she rolls a strength check to break free..... she doesn't.

Jackson passes one death saving throw. Yaaaayyy......... :(
Barbra also passes one death saving throw
Lionel also passes a death saving throw


The guy starts wreathing in pain from his eyes and the cannibas recedes, it is
still present but is no longer grabbing us.

Dorthy stops looking at the orb, rolls a constitution to not be blinded and
fails

Ray casts command.. and it doesn't work

Jackson rolls a nat 1 on his death saving throw.. loses 2..
I roll a nat 20, so I am able to get up
Cassie fails a death save


The hobgoblin is no longer rithing in pain

Eileen gives a health poition to jackson after tredging through the cannibas

Jackson gets up, eldrich blasts the guy into the wall and he jumps back on his
feet

Barbra gets up, then she grabs sean's health potion he had, then she grab sean
and moves both of them right outside of the weed

The goblin waves a hand above his staff and then green flames erupt over it

Sean succeeds his throw and is no longer blinded.  Tries to throw a dart but
misses and hits Barbra but just gets stuck in her armor.  Then dorthy moves
over by the wizard dude.

Eileen uses command on the goblin to tell him to drop his weapon, it fails

Jackson Hexes the wizard guy, and then feeds cassie a potion

I go over and rage and try to grapple him, it does not work he slips away.


That guy whacks barbra and barbra is down.

He tries to run away and sean gets an attack of opportunity.  He then goes and
does a fury of blows on that guy


Ray moves out of the weed and then eldrich blasts the wizard

Jackson comes out of nowhere and wrecks the wizard guy

I fail a death saving throw beacuse everybody gets hit with this constitution
aura thing



# We wrecked that boi
I am stabalized by Lionel


Sean goes and grabs the loot from the body

Cassie goes and heals me

Hob goblins start coming from the south

# Combat 2

I try to shoot my bow at a hobgoblin, I break my bow.

One of the hobgoblins attacks at sean, it misses.

The other two attack sean, he is not unconcious


More fighting

Sean brings back goblins as zombies after he sucks out their souls

Then loinel dies :(


# Experience

We 320 xp each
