Sean has hex and command in the ring of spell storing

We systematically try to take out these goblins
we killed the 4 goblins, but did not kill the bug bear yet

We go and try to attack the bug bear
Sean, Ray and I hit, cassie and Jackson missed.
We wrecked the bugbear

We continue to look forward

We want to find the women being raped and mutilated by the goblins to save them

When we go past these rooms we see a wall mural of a giant green dragon

There is a collapsed ceiling in the room we pass through while continuing further,
we hear grunting.

We divide ourself among the three paths to go merk the goblins

Ray tells us to wait for his eltrich blast.  We all hold our action to do this

we all roll initiative  
    Ray:        16
    Kesley:     19
    Cassie:     11
    Jackson:    11
    Sean:       ?

    Ray Yells "ELRICH BLAST" and misses, he aims high.
        - we retconed it and he actually hit
        - He does 4 damage
        - Daniel goes: "Wooh!"

    I throw my javelin
        I hit number 1 and do 3 damage

    Cassie "does her thing"
        - its a dex save of 12
            - the goblin jumps out of the way of her sacred flame

    Jackson hits with an 18
        - he does 7 damage to goblin number 1 and it explodes

    Sean runs up and hits the goblin with his staff
        - then he does fury of blows to attack the goblin

    The goblin picks up a stick from the ground
        - he has no pants on

    I throw my javelin and then walk forward
        - the javelin misses, but I am 15 feet away from the 

    Jackson attacks and then blows up the goblin

We notice that the 3 women were already dead

Jackson notices the crossbow trap that they triggered last time


We move into the room where the wrestling match was.  There are all the goblins
cleaning

We all roll stealth to get in position to kill these goblins

Ray goes way to the right and he sees a bugbear

The bugbear notices us, I convince the bug bear we are killing drow in the cave
for zu.

We convince the bugbear that the drow have disguised themselves as goblins and
that we need to go kill the drow.  We got the bugbear to go help us kill the
goblins.  hahaha sweet

I run forward right between two goblins with my greataxe and accidentally throw
it into the ceiling

Cassie catches the goblin that I missed on fire

The goblin that just caught on fire slashes out at me

another goblin slashes at me and cuts my booty

the bugbear comes over and smashes a goblin like a tomato

Jackson misses with his shortbow

Cassie attacks with her sacred flame and bursts one of the goblins into flames

Sean and I both miss our attacks, The bug bear runs over towards the goblin,
smashing through all of the bleachers, screaming.  He smashes this goblin like
a tomato

The other goblins are all super scared and they start running away

Jackson eldrich blasts one of the goblins into the steel door

I run and grapple one of the goblins, one of the goblins disengages sean and
the other one unsuccesfully tries to break out of my grip

I try to attack the goblin while grappling him, I miss

Sean and I both roll nat 1's, I get mad because sean keeps kitting me and I
throw the goblin at sean




well accidentally killed piledrivers father....
the piledriver insta KOs me

The bug bear hits the pile driver in the chest and he takes some damage

Jackson accidentally kills the bug bear.

Cassie stabalizes me

Sean givces me a health potion and I'm now at 7 health

I kill the pile driver, and I get his belt.  I put on the belt and my strength
goes up to 21

we each get 820 XP

I'm at 18 hp
