# Distributing the loot from last time
Both Jackson and Sean take one of the +2 crossbows
Sean took the 6 health potions
Sean also has the orb, he put it in his pack

# Hmm.. no we haven't
Daniel is pointing out that we have never used the orb

# Cassie tries to tame the beasts in the cage
She gets a barrel of fresh food and begins to feed them
They seem like they were starving, she continues to feed them
She realizes that they are too small to ride though

I go and grab the barrel, and dump it in the cage

THey eat a whole lot and then just pass out

# Rolling out
We decide to go and explore more cave systems
We are moving bodies into the carriages first though.

# NVM we sleepy
Everyone except for jackson is going to take a short rest
I use 2 hit die, I'm now at 28 hp
I also have all of my rages back!

Sean is at 23 health


# We go to kill the bugbears with the orb
Barbra shoves sean into the room
Sean is like "Haaaaiiiii guys!"
The DM is thinking about stuff.
still thinking

## Rolling initiative to fight the bugbears!
Sean rolled a nat 1

He runs into the room

Bug bear 2 runs up to sean and goes "WHOO ARE YOU??? RAAAGHHHHHH" and then grabs him

Sean rolls to try and resist him being grabbed.  The bugbear is able to grab him

The other two bug bear are like "Who are you and that are you going here??"


Dorthy screams "HEEELLP"


I roll initiaive
    Jackson:    20
    Ray:        14
    Kesley:     12
    Cassie:     9


Jakcson wants no part of this

Ray runs in and eldrich blasts the bugbear 2
He does 8 damage to the bug bear


I try to grapple bug bear and and fail
I grab the orb instead and say "WOW LOOK AT THAT!" and hold it out in front of me


Daylight radiates across the entierty of the room.  I am blinded

Bug bear 3 covers his eyes and starts screaming "aaaaah this is so bright"

Cassie runs aroud the corner to attack bug bear 3.  She doesn't stare into the orb
She does a sacred flame.  The bug bear just bursts into flames.  He is singed.


Daniel really likes to act out these characters and scream

Now Dorthy gets to make her move.  The bugbear lets go of sean.

Jackson doesn't look at the orb because he remembered the plan.  He does an elxrich blast
and it misses

Ray does an eldrich blast at 3 and it does almost no damage


I look away from the orb and I avoid a pain I was starting to feel.  Daylight is
shooting out of my eyes but I roll a constitution check and pass.  The daylight stops
shooting out of my eyes and I can see.  Daylight continues to shoot out of the eyes of
all of the bug bears.  This consumes all of my action.  I pull out my axe

One of the bug bears can finally see again!


Ray Eldrich blasts on B3, one that still can't see


I ATTACK B2 FOR 8 DAMAGE.  I crack him right between the eyes and kill him!

Cassie lights up B3 with her sacredrsacred  flame


The bugbears are still screaming with light coming out of their eyes

Sean whacks at number 3 with his quarter staff, he whacks that bug bear real good and
that bug bear ain't looking too good


Jackson moves next to sean

Ray eldrich blasts B1 and misses

I run up to B1 and whack at him.  My whack fails.  I pulled out the orb and try to get it
to blind people again.  Jackson, Cassie and I are all blinded


Sean gets whacked real good, he's at 4 hp
We hear something that souds like "a boulder falling into a bowl of pudding filled with sticks"


Cassie is blinded, she slaps ray and gives him guidance


Bug bear 1 swings a punch me and I'm able to dodge him somehow because of my flailing
from pain


Jackson spends his turn screaming in pain

Ray moves up to the bug bear that is next to me.  He misses again


I look away from the orb.  I pass my check and can see.  I put the orb in my pouch and
pull out my greataxe


The bug bear punches at me again and misses because of the "eye beams" coming from
jackson


Jackson just keeps beating the limp corpse.


Ray "pocket poison"s the remaining bug bear, he does 11 damage.

I whacked that big ol bad bug bear for 9 damage and he's bloodied.

Sean finishes off the final bug bear




# Finally they're all dead....
Sean looks in the box that the bug bear was sitting on.
There are a bunch of children's books

There is a bent mace on the ground.  I inspect it.  It is just a bent mace.


# We block off the entrance to the cave and explore the rest
I pull out my lantern
nvm I give sean the orb and he looks at it and generates sunlight


We realize that there is a part of thave cave we haven't explored yet


We find a tile labyrinth on the floor.  Ray makes a quick sketch of the labyrinth

There is some very powerful darkness that the light of the orb is barely able to
penetrate.  As we get coser and closer, the light beings to bend the light


There is an ancient looking bug bear chained to the wall.  There seems to be a power of
life holding or something



I say hello

He sems really tired

he tells us the owner of the dragon sword, has the dragon sword

Sean shows him his amulet and this breaths new life into him

He used to be one of us

I ask "what is the purpose of this curse?"

he says "To stop the man in the tower"


He used to be like us, until he "died"
He says that he has lost what is precious to him.  The light gets fainter and fainter a
we bring it closer to him


I put the extra amulet we had on bone hammer.  We put it on him and he goes "I am
freeeeeeeee" and turns into dust and disappears

We each get 120 xp
